# SuperAwesome - Data Code Challenge

Here is your SuperAwesome data code challenge!

## Our expectations

We expect *Production-Ready* code: code that's not only accomplishing the task,
but it’s resilient, performing and maintainable by anybody in the team.
Details are important, and you should treat your submission as if it were a pull
request ready to go live and process millions of data points.

A good submission includes a full suite of automated tests covering the edge
cases, it handles exceptions, it's designed with separation of concerns in mind,
and it uses resources (CPU, memory, disk...) with parsimony.

Last but not least, the code should be easy to read, with well named variables/functions/classes.

Check [this article](https://www.superawesome.com/blog/how-we-hire-engineers-to-build-kid-safe-technology/)
out if you want know more about what a good submission looks like.

We will evaluate your submission on:

* Correctness
* Completeness
* Quality (see *Production-Ready* above)

Don't forget a good README is a great place to communicate your thinking process.
Be verbose, but don't over explain.

## How much time do I have?

Take how much time you need. It's better to spend some more time on the test and submit a complete
one, rather than rush it and submit a half-baked one (aka: we can't read your mind
yet :)).

## What language should I use?

You choose the language. Our suggestion is to use the language you feel strongest
at.

## The Task

We want to do some research on different types of comic characters. One of our
team members has collected these files in the data directory:

| File Name                    | Description                                                     |
|------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `comic_characters_info.csv`  | General character stats                                         |
| `dc-data.csv`                | Names, total appearances and more for DC characters             |
| `marvel-data.csv`            | Names, total appearances and more for marvel characters         |
| `hero-abilities.csv`         | Names, superpowers, and more for many Superheroes and Villains  |

The `comic_characters_info.csv` file contains the following information (note only
relevant data has been commented):

| Column     | Description                              |
|------------|------------------------------------------|
| ID         | Sequential number                        |
| Name       | The name of the character                |
| Alignment  | If the character is Good, Bad or Neutral |
| Gender     |                                          |
| EyeColor   |                                          |
| Race       |                                          |
| HairColor  |                                          |
| Publisher  | Marvel Comics, DC Comics etc             |
| SkinColor  |                                          |
| Height     |                                          |
| Weight     |                                          |

We would like you to use the files listed above to show the following:

* Top 10 villains by appearance per publisher 'DC', 'Marvel' and 'other'
* Top 10 heroes by appearance per publisher 'DC', 'Marvel' and 'other'
* Bottom 10 villains by appearance per publisher 'DC', 'Marvel' and 'other'
* Bottom 10 heroes by appearance per publisher 'DC', 'Marvel' and 'other'
* Top 10 most common superpowers by creator 'DC', 'Marvel' and 'other'
* Of the top 10 villains and heroes, re-rank them based on their overall score
* What are the 5 most common superpowers?
* Which hero and villain have the 5 most common superpowers?

# Once you're done...

Archive your solution (zip or gzip) and send it via email to codechallenge@superawesome.com

Do not include binaries, libs (e.g.: node_modules), test results and other
autogenerated content. You wouldn't include these in a pull request, would you?

## NOTE

It might happen that your email gets bounced because of the attachment, should
that happen just upload your archived submission in google drive/dropbox/similar
and share it with codechallenge@superawesome.com

Last but not least: please keep the content of this code challenge **confidential**.
Do not share it online, not even in an anonymous form (aka: no Github public repo
please!)

## GOOD LUCK!